and Happiness I mentioned this on the
show last week I learned something
incredible last week there is a town in
Canada in Newfoundland to be precise
that with a very unusual name I'm there
in dildo Newfoundland talking to Dylan
Dorian's about like Jimmy Kimmel should
come to town that's right there's a town
named dildo it was discovered hundreds
of years ago by dildora the Explorer
seems to be a beautiful town they've got
people in it and even local news the
community you know they're having a lot
of fun with this I think it's super
fantastic I think it would be even
better if Jimmy Kimmel you know follow
through to what he said last night
little fact from Ben clears report
they're called dill Dorian's I dunno the
Dorian's
yes the dill Dorian's love the name of
their town they love their town and we
want Jimmy Kimmel to come so Jimmy if
you're watching come on up we'll
entertain you for sure yeah I don't
think you understand I'm not just coming
there to visit I'm moving there I'm
unpacking the kids and we're gonna raise
them in the dildo
to be Dell Dorian's by the way we look
into it the news that are wrong they're
not called bill Dorian's I think that's
like some kind of alien race with a
neurotically shaped forehead I saw it on
Star Trek the people in the town call
themselves dil-don't dildo Tian's
which makes more sense right yeah right
Jimmy right but they're excited the
dildo Tian's are fired up and I'm
excited - this could be really good for
everyone you know they asked a local
official what impact our show might
possibly have on tourism in dildo use
the CB Jimmy Kimmel video what do you
think this could mean for the town of
dildo and for our region well you know
what I hope he decides to come and I'm
really delighted that he has discovered
dildo
toy stores doesn't like it as I am I
really do want to go there as far or
wait we wanted to FedEx something the
deal goes it's not a joke they told us
it will take 11 days to get there but we
have to figure something out maybe the
best thing to come of this is now when
you google the word dildo almost
instantly my name comes up so that's one
for the chest anyway connect live with
the town and the dildo Tian's later this
week on the program thanks for watching
and remember every time you click the
subscribe button one of your enemies
gets destroyed